README.md, before:

# Component *LinkSat*
This repo consists of component *LinkSat*. It is a part of example application *[broker](https://github.com/slawomir-niespodziany/diff_broker)* which demonstrates the use of *[diff](https://github.com/slawomir-niespodziany/diff)* framework. 

Component *LinkSat* is a satellite communication link mock. It implements *ILink* interface. 

<p align="center"><a href="include/LinkSat.h"><img src="img/LinkSat.png" alt="LinkSat interface"/></a></p>

## Installation
*It is recommended to build and run the whole demo app at once, by following the guide in *[broker](https://github.com/slawomir-niespodziany/diff_broker)* repo. If you only want to install this single component, then proceed with this document.*

This component requires the *ILink* interface to be available in the local CMake registry. Please refer to the documentation of *[ilink](https://github.com/slawomir-niespodziany/diff_broker_ilink)* for installation guide.

The following commands can be run from within the component directory. They build and install the component in your local CMake registry. 
```
cmake -Bbuild -DCMAKE_EXPORT_PACKAGE_REGISTRY=ON
cmake --build build
```

## Prerequisites
The whole demo had been prepared and tested on Ubuntu 22.04 and Ubuntu 24.04. That being said, you only need *gcc* and *cmake* to build and install this component. The recent versions (incl. *cmake 4.0.1*) can be downloaded using following commands. 
```
sudo apt -y install build-essential
sudo snap install cmake --classic
```

## Testing
The component can be tested in isolation from the whole application. The following command, executed from the component directory, runs the prepared tests.
```
ctest --test-dir build/test
```

Commit message:

Readme update - build script added.

README.md, after:

# Component *LinkSat*
This repo consists of component *LinkSat*. It is a part of example application *[broker](https://github.com/slawomir-niespodziany/diff_broker)* which demonstrates the use of *[diff](https://github.com/slawomir-niespodziany/diff)* framework. 

## Description
*LinkSat* is a mock Satellite communication link. It implements *ILink* interface to accept messages for sending. 

<p align="center"><a href="include/LinkSat.h"><img src="img/LinkSat.png" alt="LinkSat interface"/></a></p>

## Prerequisites
The example has been prepared and tested on Ubuntu 22.04 and Ubuntu 24.04. That being said, you only need *gcc* and *cmake* to build and install this component. The recent versions (incl. *cmake 4.0.1*) can be downloaded using following commands. 
```
sudo apt -y install build-essential
sudo snap install cmake --classic
```

## Build, Installation, Testing
*LinkSat* component requires *[ilink](https://github.com/slawomir-niespodziany/diff_broker_ilink)* interface to be available in CMake registry. Please refer to its repo for installation guide.

#### Install & test by script
Run the following command from component directory to build, install and test it.
```
./build.sh
```

#### Build & install by hand
Run the following commands from component directory to build (incl. tests) and install it manually. 
```
cmake -Bbuild -DCMAKE_EXPORT_PACKAGE_REGISTRY=ON
cmake --build build
```

#### Test by hand
Tests are run in isolation from other components. Execute the following command from component directory to run them.
```
ctest --test-dir build/test
```
